TAS Deployment Instructions (#233)
pivotal/postfacto: deployment/README.md

> 

Reviewer: Could we put a TOC at the top of this? It's now got five sections, navigation could be easier.

Author: Yeah that makes sense

In order for users to sign-up and create their own retros using the web UI, Postfacto needs Google OAuth setup.
For deployments that do not want to setup Google OAuth, you will need to create your retros through the admin console of your server via
`<app-name>.cfapps.io/admin` or `<app-name>.<cf-url>/admin`.

1. Go to [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com) and
   create a new project
1. Go to APIs & Services > Credentials > Create Credentials > OAuth client ID > Web application
1. Choose a name for your app

> 1. In `Authorized JavaScript Origins`, set it to the public URL of your `app-name`. For example: if deploying to PWS, your public URL will be `https://<app-name>.<cf-url>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `Authorized JavaScript Origins`, set it to the public URL of your `app-name`. For example: if deploying to PWS, your public URL will be `https://<app-name>.cfapps.io`
```
